Using the notes from the places marked by all [fifty
stars]{.day-success}, The Historians finish the chronicle, wrap it, and
give it to you so you can bring it to Santa before the big sleigh
launch.

Santa is already in the sleigh making the final launch preparations when
you arrive. You try to hand him the chronicle, but he doesn\'t take it.
\"Ho ho ho,\" he laughs to himself. \"That gift isn\'t for me - it\'s
for *you*. That chronicle is a record of all the places you\'ve been and
people you\'ve helped over the last decade. Thank you for everything.\"
With that, Santa takes off in his sleigh to deliver the rest of this
year\'s presents.

(Also, there\'s a new design up in the
[\[Shop\]](https://cottonbureau.com/people/advent-of-code) if you\'re
interested. If you don\'t see it, give it a few minutes.)

Congratulations! You\'ve finished every puzzle in Advent of Code 2024! I
hope you had as much fun solving them as I had making them for you. I\'d
love to hear about your adventure; you can get in touch with me via
contact info on [my website](https://was.tl/) or through
[Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/was.tl),
[Mastodon](https://hachyderm.io/@ericwastl), or
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/ericwastl).

If you\'d like to see more things like this in the future, please
consider [supporting](/2024/support) Advent of Code and sharing it with
others.

I\'ve [highlighted]{style="border-bottom:1px dotted #ffff66;"
title="Yep, just like that.  There's at least one in the description for each day."}
the easter eggs in each puzzle, just in case you missed any. Hover your
mouse over them, and the easter egg will appear.

You can [\[Share[on
[Bluesky](https://bsky.app/intent/compose?text=I+just+completed+all+25+days+of+Advent+of+Code+2024%21+%23AdventOfCode+https%3A%2F%2Fadventofcode%2Ecom%2F)
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/)
[Mastodon](https://mastodon.social/)]{.share-content}\]]{.share} this
moment with your friends or [\[Go Check on Your Calendar\]](/2024).
